Allow surrogates in content, issue #895 (#906)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/appendices.md

that might be sufficient to prevent most problems.
However, MessageFormat itself does not supply such a restriction.

MessageFormat _messages_ permit nearly all Unicode code points
to appear in _literals_, including the text portions of a _pattern_.
This means that it can be possible for a _message_ to contain invisible characters
(such as bidirectional controls, ASCII control characters in the range U+0000 to U+001F,
or characters that might be interpreted as escapes or syntax in the host format)
that abnormally affect the display of the _message_
when viewed as source code, or in resource formats or translation tools,
but do not generate errors from MessageFormat parsers or processing APIs.

> The localizable elements of a message (text and string literals) allow the presence of
> unpaired surrogates (U+D800 to U+DFFF). This is for compatibility with existing formats
> that are agnostic about them. \
> But their presence of unpaired surrogates is likely an indication of mistakes or bad tooling.
> Their use is not recommended, and linting (if present) can be used to prevent them.

Reviewer: Some grammar and typo issues. In addition, linkify terms, make into a note, and fix 2119 keywords.

```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> _Text_ and _literals_ allow unpaired surrogate code points
> (`U+D800` to `U+DFFF`).
> This is for compatibility with formats or data structures 
> that use the UTF-16 encoding 
> and do not check for unpaired surrogates.
> (Strings in Java or JavaScript are examples of this.)
> These code points SHOULD NOT be used in a _message_.
> Unpaired surrogate code points are likely an indication of mistakes
> or errors in the creation, serialization, or processing of the _message_.
> Many processes will convert them to 
> &#xfffd; U+FFFD REPLACEMENT CHARACTER
> during processing or display.
> Implementations not based on UTF-16 might not be able to represent
> a _message_ containing such code points.
```

Reviewer: I... don't think this is a security consideration? Maybe move this note to the section on _message_, just after the note that begins:

> This syntax is designed to be embeddable into many different programming languages...

that might be sufficient to prevent most problems.
However, MessageFormat itself does not supply such a restriction.

MessageFormat _messages_ permit nearly all Unicode code points
to appear in _literals_, including the text portions of a _pattern_.
This means that it can be possible for a _message_ to contain invisible characters
(such as bidirectional controls, ASCII control characters in the range U+0000 to U+001F,
or characters that might be interpreted as escapes or syntax in the host format)
that abnormally affect the display of the _message_
when viewed as source code, or in resource formats or translation tools,
but do not generate errors from MessageFormat parsers or processing APIs.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> _Text_ and _quoted literals_ allow unpaired surrogate code points

> > (`U+D800` to `U+DFFF`).

Reviewer 2: How/why is this important to note as a security consideration?

Reviewer: I previously suggested the same thing:

> I... don't think this is a security consideration? Maybe move this note to the section on message, just after the note that begins:
>
>>    This syntax is designed to be embeddable into many different programming languages...

I think that location is a good one because we put a whole wodge of notes there that are "read once and forget" about the content of messages.
